= pablo

* http://github.com/drnic/pablo

== DESCRIPTION:

Your friends use Picasa (http://picasaweb.google.com) but you don't, so you can't easily download all the images in their albums? Pablo fixes that.

Pablo takes the URL of someone's Picasa album, and downloads all the original images into your local machine. You can then import them to your favourite images application (iPhoto, etc).

== USAGE:

    cd Photos
    pablo "<url>"

This creates a nested folder (user/album) in the current folder in which the images are stored.

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install pablo

== REQUIREMENTS:

* curl
* rubygems: hpricot, ruby-progressbar (installed automatically via 'gem' command above)

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Dr Nic Williams, drnicwilliams@gmail.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.